We have made the script and data used in " Predictive Modeling of Body Image Dissatisfaction in People with Type 1 Diabetes " publicly available.

Authors: Courtney A. South, Shahryar Ebrahimi, Anne-Sophie Brazeau, & Maria Cutumisu 
Affiliations: 1School of Human Nutrition, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada, 2Department of Psychology, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada, 3Department of Educational and Counselling Psychology, Faculty of Education, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada  
Key words: Type 1 Diabetes, Body Image Dissatisfaction, Machine Learning 
Corresponding author: Maria Cutumisu, Associate Professor, McGill University, Department of Educational and Counselling Psychology, Education Building 3700 rue McTavish, Montreal, Quebec, H3A 1Y2, Canada, email: maria.cutumisu@mcgill.ca  
Funding: This research project has not received funding.  
Disclosures: SE & MC have nothing to disclose. CS has received funding from FRQS. ASB is a FRQS scholar and has received grants from CIHR, Diabetes Quebec, JDRF, Mitacs, and speaker fees from Dexcom Canada.  

Abstract
Purpose: People living with type 1 diabetes (PwT1D) have a heightened concern of their body image due to weight gain that may be related to insulin administration, frequent bodyweight monitoring, and weight stigma. As body image dissatisfaction (BID) is associated with an elevated risk of developing an eating disorder, there is a need to accurately predict BID in PwT1D. We aimed to 1) compare machine learning (ML) models (Decision Trees, Random Forest, Extreme Gradient Boosting, and K Nearest Neighbours) and evaluate their predictive performance of BID; and 2) identify important predictors of BID.  
Methods: This study included PwT1D >12 years from the Canadian Community Health Survey 2018. ML models were developed, tuned through a randomized search technique across a predefined grid, and evaluated using nested cross-validation. Predictor importance and partial dependence plots were generated to understand clinical relevancy.   
Results: PwT1D (n=104) were 57% male and 77% were 18 to 64 years. All models demonstrated high performance, with an AUC value ranging from 0.76 (+0.01) to 0.95 (+0.05). Random Forest yielded the highest performance (F1-score: 84.78 +8.11). Important predictors were BMI, weight, height, age, low physical activity, and mood disorder. A BMI between 30 to 35 kg/m2 predicted those who were most dissatisfied with body image.   
Main Conclusions: ML, in particular Random Forest, may inform on predictors of BID. Anthropometrics, age, physical activity, and mood disorders are important predictors. Awareness of predictors can inform tools to identify BID more effectively. Efforts should be made to mitigate BID to help prevent eating disorders and medical complications.   
